[+] 24-10-2024, 11:27
I have been sick for almost a month. The fever dreams I have had inspired me to make a game about controlling your environment. A vibrant-colored game where you press buttons that change the world in different ways. At the same time, I was reading the book Gordel, Escher, Bach, and Nature Of Code. Both these books talk about beauty, symmetry, math, etc. Slowly my idea changed into a player exploring an abandoned monastery that worshiped these ideas. I realized that I couldn't afford to hire a 3D artist, so I had to keep it more abstract. I finally settled on a fallen angel of the math religion calling you to fix heaven(All abstracted into cubes like Manifold Garden). Meditating on this idea, I came to the conclusion that this won't be a good game. Good art stays at the edge between order and chaos. If I talk about something general such as symmetry, fractals, and recursion, the design is too chaotic. I wanted the environment to be the only source of puzzle. Too chaotic. The witness does a good job of adding environmental puzzles. It teaches you an idea(drawing a line) and projects it to the environment. This has order to it. My idea was to fix the environment(heaven) by making players notice stuff that isn't symmetrical, recursive, etc. I wanted this game to be my response to the statement "Beauty is objective". Jonathan Blow started out designing "Braid" as a game about quantum physics. Then he started to focus only on the time part. In many of his talks, he says that the level became beautiful by removing excess stuff and simplifying the level. The same can be said about art.

[+] 1-11-2024
xAI is soon the have the biggest GPU cluster. That's not easy. You have to solve power, software, heat, and many more problems. I had an idea of writing an OSS to allow anyone with CUDA to be able to rent it out. Meditating on this idea, I came to the conclusion that there is an economic problem. RTX 4090 can be rented out at 16Rs per hour. That's cheap af. No one would download docker images of 5-7GB and use their machine at sub-optimal performance for 16Rs.

I rewatched the movie "The Intern", and I just realized how bad it is. It's complete garbage, but the first time i watched it, I loved it for some reason. It was all shiny and cute, but inside it's just garbage. When my uni friend recommended Kanye West I hated his music. God I hated Yeezus and The Life of Pablo. I never understood any Christopher Nolan movie on the first watch. If you like something on the first try, then maybe it's bad. idk.

[+]4-12-2024
I finally found the spirit/philosophy found in hacking culture in an another culture. Fine-tuning JDM cars. You know how hackers obsess over a machine and abuse it just for fun? Yep, they do it too. Fuck the rules, obsess over some nerd shit, and have fun. That's dope.